Fixing grammar in autoloading_and_reloading_constants [ci-skip] (#41325)
rails/rails: guides/source/autoloading_and_reloading_constants.md

config.add_autoload_paths_to_load_path = false
```

> That may speedup legit `require` calls a bit since there are fewer lookups. Also, if your application uses [Bootsnap](https://github.com/Shopify/bootsnap), that saves the library from building unnecessary indexes, and saves the RAM they would need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That may speed up legitimate `require` calls a bit since there are fewer lookups. Also, if your application uses [Bootsnap](https://github.com/Shopify/bootsnap), that saves the library from building unnecessary indexes, and saves the RAM they would need.
```

Author: Perfect!
